[too-many-positional-arguments] Better documentation following questions (#10049)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/data/messages/t/too-many-positional-arguments/details.rst

> Good function signatures don’t have many positional parameters. For almost all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good function signatures don’t have many positional parameters because, when the function is called with many arguments, it is difficult to understand what parameters they refer to.
```

Author: Applying this won't work with the line under it that starts with "interfaces, comprehensibility suffers beyond a handful of arguments.". Do you mind suggesting on the two lines instead ?

Reviewer: Let's see if I can - Let me try hiding the comment first

Reviewer: Oh I don't know how to suggest it again. No worries anyway we can iterate another time if we agree with it.

> Good APIs don’t have many positional parameters. For almost all API,
> comprehensibility suffers beyond a handful of arguments.

Reviewer 2: In case people think API == web APIs, this might be less distracting:

```suggestion
Good function signatures don’t have many positional parameters. For almost all
interfaces, comprehensibility suffers beyond a handful of arguments.
```

Positional arguments work well for cases where the the use cases are
self-evident, such as unittest's ``assertEqual(first, second, "assert msg")``
or ``enumerate(fruits, 4)`` (The second arg of ``enumerate`` is seldom used,

> so maybe you'd already prefer to read ``enumerate(fruits, start=4)``).

Reviewer 2: Nice, but let's use an example that we don't have to immediately back off from. How about:
```suggestion
or ``zip(fruits, vegetables)``.

> There are few exceptions where 4 or more positional parameters make sense,
> for example ``rgba(1.0, 0.5, 0.3, 1.0)`` because it uses a very well known and
> well established convention and using keywords all the time would be a waste
> of time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

There are a few exceptions where four or more positional parameters make sense,
for example ``rgba(1.0, 0.5, 0.3, 1.0)``, because it uses a very well-known and
well-established convention, and using keywords all the time would be a waste
of time.
```
